Let's say we want to remove this card from the list.
We need to find this item in the DOM.
So we can see that this div is this card right here and
this div parent is the div with the class of "hero underscore underscore module."
Let's store this div in a variable.
Now we want this "cardContainer's" first child.
So let's check out the "firstChild" property.
That seems a little odd,
shouldn't this be the div right here?
Let's dig into this.
Opening this up and scrolling down and seeing "textContent,
" we see a bunch of arrows and some spaces.
Now what is all that?
Let's go back up here.
Give yourself some more space and edit this as HTML.
We can see that there are a bunch of "enters" and then some lines,
some "spaces" right here.
So all of these "enters" and all of the "space" is this text,
that's the" firstChild" of the "cardContainer."
To get this div element,
we actually need to get the "firstElementChild" property.
So we can see that this property is the div we actually want to remove.
So let's now store this in a variable,
and now we can remove this child card from its parent.
We can see that invoking this function removed it
from the page and it's removed from the DOM.